Document the allusers optional dir (#166)
2i2c-org/docs: data/sharing.md

  This is the *same folder* as the `shared` directory, but writeable!
  Any files admins put here will be immediately visible in all users' `shared` directories.

## The `allusers` directory - available upon request

Sometimes, hub Administrators might need to share data files with the users,
and this files must only be visible to the users that they're addressed to.
For example, uploading graded notebook assignements in each user's home directory.

If such a workflow is needed, then an additional `allusers` directory can be enabled for **administrators only**,

> where all the hub users' directory are aceessible to read and modify. Please reach out to us if you'd like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where all the hub users' directories are accessible to read and modify. Please reach out to us if you'd like this
```
